Add stubs under `Music_theory` (#6995)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Music_theory/Tempo/en.md

---

> stub:true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
stub: true
```

---

# Tempo

> **Tempo** is the speed at which a piece of music is played and is communicated through the use of BPM (or Beats Per Miinute).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Tempo** is the speed at which a piece of music is played and is communicated, measured in beats per minute (BPM).
```

> [Screenshot of BPM on the beatmap information page](img/BPM_beatmap_info.png "The BPM of a song is shown on a beatmap's information page next to the metronome symbol")

Reviewer: i don't think this screenshot is really necessary - i'd rather expand the lead paragraph a bit instead

> [Screenshot of BPM on the beatmap information page](img/BPM_beatmap_info.png "The BPM of a song is shown on a beatmaps information page next to the metronome symbol")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Screenshot of BPM on the beatmap information page](img/BPM_beatmap_info.png "The BPM of a song is shown on a beatmap's information page next to the metronome symbol")
```
